L1
一.	概念
1.	two different token types 
(1)	App token (access token) - For your organization scenario. have identity permission to Power BI REST API
(2)	Embed token - For your customer scenario. claims to access specific Power BI content

2.	Expired time for Access Token - By default, it expires after an hour

3.	Authentication flow differs, based on whether the app uses impersonation to embed Power BI content

4.	Two Authentication flow scenario:
(1)	For your organization (SaaS):
	
(2)	For your customers (PaaS)

二.	For your organization
1.	功能和需求
	a.	end users have Power BI accounts and appropriate licenses
	b.	The end user's account is used to authenticate with Power BI
	c.	The user's identity is used to access content and query datasets
	d.	Support for teams and sharepoint
	e.	Licensing: A SKUs not supported
	
2.	Authentication flow
(1)	End user 请求 PowerBI content->
(2)	App 用 user 的 identity, 来获取 access token
(3)	App uses the access token to embed any PowerBI content the end user has permission to view

3.	considerations (注意事项)
(1)	Teams and SharePoint embedding are examples of for your organization embedding
(2)	Consider using the for your organization scenario when you want:
a.	A custom experience instead of the PowerBI service 
b.	Integration of PowerBI content with other content
c.	Data access permissions to be those of the end user
d.	Customized audit loggin

三.	For your customers
1.	功能和需求
(1)	When using your app, the end user doest not require a Power BI account or licenses
(2)	An embedding identity is used to authenticate with Power BI and acts as a proxy for the end user - it is either a:
a.	Master app account
b.	Service principal
(3)	An embed token is required to embed Power BI content using an effective identity
(4)	Requires specific licensing (SKUs: A, EM or P)

2.	Authentication flow
(1)	End user 请求 PowerBI content->
(2)	App uses an embedding identity to acquire an access token 
(3)	App caches the access token and uses it to generate an embed token to embed Power BI Content

3.	Proxy -> Master app account
(1)	A master app account is a regular Azure AD user
(2)	When used to access PowerBI content:
a.	The app will use the user account to acquire an access token 
b.	It must be an admin of the workspace that contains content to embed
c.	It must have a PowerBI Pro license

4.	Proxy -> Service principal
(1)	An Azure service principal is a security identity used by apps 
(2)	It has a specific role and tightly controlled permission to access resources 
	a.	It can authenticate using a password (secret) or certificate
(3)	When used to access Power BI content:
a.	The app will use the service principal to acquire an access token 
b.	It must be an admin of workspace that contains content to embed
c.	It does not need a PowerBI Pro license
(3)	A power BI tenant admin must enable use of service principals, and register service principal security groups

5.	Comparing proxy methods
(1)	Master app account:
a.	Dedicated capacity required - yes
b.	Azure AD object type - User account
c.	Credential management - Frequent password changes
d.	Power BI tenant settings - 
e.	Power BI API usage - All
f.	Power BI service sign in - Supported 
g.	Licensing - PowerBI Pro license required

(2)	Service principal
a.	Dedicated capacity required - yes
b.	Azure AD object type - Service principal
c.	Credential management - Secret rotation management
d.	Power BI tenant settings - User must be enabled, and service principal must belong to a declared secruity group
e.	Power BI API usage - All except the Admin operation group and gateway APIs
f.	Power BI service sign in - Not Supported
g.	Licensing - Power BI Pro license not required

6.	Acuiqring an access token - Prxy method guidance
(1)	Generally:
	a.	Master app account is a good choice for dev/test:
	(a)	It is easy to setup 
	(b)	It can be used to sign in to the Power BI portal to help troubleshoot issues
	(c)	But - it requires a PowerBI Pro license
	b.	Service principal is a good choice for production:
	(a)	It is more secure
	(b)	It supports better automation and scale
	(c)	There is less management overhead
	(d)	But - it requires Azure AD and Power BI admin rihgts to setup and manage
		i.	Consider creating a dedicated Azure AD domain
		ii.	App developers can be granted full control, and it will be isolated from the company's domain
	
7.	Acuiring an embed token 
(1)	An embed Token must be acquired to embed Power BI content, when using the for your customers scenario
(2)	An embed token represents several facts:
	a.	PowerBI content that can be accessed 
	b.	Access level (View, create, or edit)
	c.	Duration that the content can be accessed 
	d.	Optionally, effective identities used to access content, and in turn, query datasets
(3)	It expires when the access token expires
	a.	An app can be developed to silently refresh the embed token when it expires