一.	步骤
1.	Create a workspace
2.	Add PowerBI content
3.	Register an Azure AD application
4.	Import Nuget packages
5.	Add app settings to web.config
6.	Integrate Power BI content
7.	Enhance Web UX
8.	Configure data permissions

二.	Register an Azure AD application
1.	An Azure AD app is required to establish an identity for your app and to specify permissions to PowerBI REST resources
2.	It is required when requesting an access token 
3.	Two registration tools:
(1)	Azure portal 
(2)	Embedding setup tool
4.	Permissions can also be granted programmatically 

三.	Register application -> Azure portal
1.	Use the Azure Portal to register an app
2.	Advantages: 
(1)	Exposes all supported permission
(2)	Allows "granting permission"
(3)	Allows reviewing/modfiying/deleting an app

3.	Disadvantage:
(1)	Requires accessing the Azure portal, and is time consuming and complex

四.	Register application -> Embedding setup tool
1.	Use the Embedding Setup Tool to fast track embedding:
https://app.powerbi.com/embedsetup
2.	It provides two paths:
(1)	Embed for your customers 
(2)	Embed for your organization

3.	It can: 
(1)	Register an Azure AD app, allowing delegation of common permissions
(2)	Create a workspace
(3)	Import a PBIX file (select a sample or your own file)
(4)	Grant permissions for the Azure AD app

4.	It provides resources:
(1)	Configuration values (Application ID, workspace ID, and Report ID)
(2)	Downloadable sample solution, with your configuration values inserted into its config file
	a.	Open the sample app in Visual Studio, insert your password into the config file, and simply run to achieve your first embed
	
五.	Register application -> Embedding setup tool -> embed for your organization
1.	Fast track embedding for your organization
2.	Targeted at enterprises that want to embed analytic content on behalf of their internal users
3.	Workflow:
	(1)	Sign in to Power BI
	(2)	Register your application
	(3)	Create a workspace
	(4)	Import content
	
六.	Register application -> Embedding setup tool -> embed for your customers
1.	Fast track embedding for your customers
2.	Targeted at any app that want to embed analytic content
3.	Workflow:
	(1)	Sign in to Power BI
	(2)	Register your application
	(3)	Create a workspace
	(4)	Import content
	(5)	Grant permissions